Update radius.md (Explain: NAS == Network Access Server) (#3691)
kanidm/kanidm: book/src/integrations/radius.md

## Moving to Production

> To expose this to a Wi-Fi infrastructure, add your AP in the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow your infrastructure to connect, add your network device in the configuration:
```
